README.md, before:

# LearningLockerDockerImage
This is a docker file that will build Learning Locker V2, with default values, you can also set the redis and mongo url's and port through -e commands at run time. 


# Docker Image commands

The purpose of this image is to be able to run Learning Locker V2 in a docker image. You can use the included MongoDB and Redis servers in the image, or set your own through -e.
So if you want persistent data you can use an external Mongo database or for pure testing just use the interal. 
I have setup volume for the MongoDB, however, I have not fully tested it long term.

If you run Mongo externally, ensure you set the database to learninglocker_v2, Redis DB can be changed from 0 to whatever using ' -e REDIS_DB=1 ' . 

| Variables| default |
|----------|---------|
| REDIS_DB | 0 |
| REDIS_URL | 127.0.0.1 |
| REDIS_PORT | 6379 |
| MONGO_PORT | 27017 |
| MONGO_URL | localhost |
| *SITE_URL | 127.0.0.1 | 

*NGINX is set to listen on all traffic on port 80, however LL needs a setting for Site URL if you are planning on hitting it from outside of your computer so 127.0.0.1 will not work, you will need to set to your host IP. 

# How to run

````
docker run -d -e MONGO_URL={some_url} -e SITE_URL={hostIP} -p 80:80 --name LL caperneoignis/learning_locker_v2:latest
````

To run with defaults just use
````
docker run -d -p 80:80 --name LL caperneoignis/learning_locker_v2:latest
````

To run with volume for persistent data
````
docker run -d -p 80:80 -v some_volume:/var/lib/mongo:rw --name LL caperneoignis/learning_locker_v2:latest
````

Commit message:

updated read me and other files.
Still working on this, can't quite get it working yet.

README.md, after:

# LearningLockerDockerImage
This is a docker file that will build Learning Locker V2, with default values, you can also set the redis and mongo url's and port through -e commands at run time. 

# This is still in DEV
Please do not use this repo yet. I'm still in the process of setting this image up, so it can start up fast. So, please do not use this yet, unless you know there is still work to be done on it. 
Thank you.


# Docker Image commands

The purpose of this image is to be able to run Learning Locker V2 in a docker image. You can use the included MongoDB and Redis servers in the image, or set your own through -e.
So if you want persistent data you can use an external Mongo database or for pure testing just use the interal. 
I have setup volume for the MongoDB, however, I have not fully tested it long term.

If you run Mongo externally, ensure you set the database to learninglocker_v2, Redis DB can be changed from 0 to whatever using ' -e REDIS_DB=1 ' . 

| Variables| default |
|----------|---------|
| REDIS_DB | 0 |
| REDIS_URL | 127.0.0.1 |
| REDIS_PORT | 6379 |
| MONGO_PORT | 27017 |
| MONGO_URL | localhost |
| *SITE_URL | 127.0.0.1 | 

*NGINX is set to listen on all traffic on port 80, however LL needs a setting for Site URL if you are planning on hitting it from outside of your computer so 127.0.0.1 will not work, you will need to set to your host IP. 

# How to run

````
docker run -d -e MONGO_URL={some_url} -e SITE_URL={hostIP} -p 80:80 --name LL caperneoignis/learning_locker_v2:latest
````

To run with defaults just use
````
docker run -d -p 80:80 --name LL caperneoignis/learning_locker_v2:latest
````

To run with volume for persistent data
````
docker run -d -p 80:80 -v some_volume:/var/lib/mongo:rw --name LL caperneoignis/learning_locker_v2:latest
````
